I was the boy unwanted, a prisoner I'm born to them
My brother was the one, that couldn't do no wrong
And I was there dying in the shadow of him

Red, crimson red, am I the invisible boy?
Feel the strap, cross my back
Yeah I'm the new whipping boy

Who am I - the orphan son you would never need?
Who am I - cause I'm the boy only the mirror sees
Who am I - the slave you gave just the air I breathe?
Who am I - cause I'm the boy only the mirror sees

Oh I got the same old reruns, horror movies in my head
And I can't rest, the scare me to death
But if I'm not alive, how can I be dead?

Red, crimson red, am I the invisible boy?
Feel the strap, cross my back
Yeah I'm the new whipping boy

Who am I - the orphan son you would never need?
Who am I - cause I'm the boy only the mirror sees
Who am I - the slave you gave just the air I breathe?
Who am I - cause I'm the boy only the mirror sees

Oh, why me?

Why him

Can you tell me?

It's confession again?
Come talk to me, I see in your eyes
Titanic misery, ashamed that you're alive
I'm the face that you see
When the face isn't yours
I'm the mirror my boy

Will he take me down to the gallows
And kill the boy inside the man
I'm just a rock and roll nigger
I know he don't know what I am

I don't see my face in the mirror
And more, or understand
Why am I the chosen one
I'm the crimson man
Long live, long live, long live the king of mercy
Long live, long live
There is no love, to shelter me
Only love, love set me free
No love, to shelter me, only love, love set me free

Where is the love, to shelter me
Only love, love set me free
Set me free [x2]

Welcome to the show the great finale's finally here
I thank you for coming into my theatre of fear
Welcome to the show, you're all witnesses you see
A privileged invitation to the last rights of me

Remember me? You can't save me
Mama you never needed me
No crimson king, look in my eye, you'll see
Mama I'm lonely, it's only me, only me

I don't wanna be, I don't wanna be, I don't wanna be
The crimson idol of a million
I don't wanna be, I don't wanna be, I don't wanna be
The crimson idol of a million eyes, of a million

No love, to shelter me, only love
Love set me free
No love, to shelter me, only love
Love set me free